# Data-Mavericks
UN SDG High-Dimensional Data Explorer

A unifying structure to ensure peace and prosperity for people and the planet, both now and in the future, is provided by the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, which was accepted by all United Nations Member States in 2015. The 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which are an urgent call to action for all nations, developed and developing, in a global partnership, are at the heart of it. They understand that eliminating poverty and other forms of deprivation requires policies that enhance health and education, diminish inequality, promote economic growth, combat climate change, and fight to protect our seas and forests.

Out of which, we mainly focus on the goal 17 as it is the collaboration of all the goals and hence will provide an insight for the stakeholders where to and how to invest their time and money. We are also working with the goals 1, 2, and 7 as it is easier to understand the trends wih the help of visualiing some other goals as well. We use python for the initial data exploratory analysis and visualizations which helps us understand the data in a better and an efficient way.

Our client, GaiaViz comes into light for the visualization and understanding part of the project. GaiaViz is a 3D modelling software which helps us in understanding the trends and the progress of the goals that we are working with and also the develpoed nations, where to lend their helping hand to. By using this software and the data that we have on the SDG's, we create a 3D model on the goals 1, 2, 7 and 17 and see if our target is met or not. 
